that's it man I tell you just to watch
you dance I always will i think of my
early hoping days of my dad norful it's
kind of what i have i bought some old
tap shoes baby and i know i ain't
nowhere and you leave but I sure would
like to be on the line with funny well
if you don't dance too good because if
you dance too good i'll have to say if
you saying i will have to cut you
she gets lonely and a visit from loved
ones works wonders truly it works
wonders notch on my belt come on up or
down says let's go come on come on this
day worked wonders and if it winds up
with a headache a little one or a big
one that's when bear works wonders to
bayer tablets give you all the pain
relief power your headache can use bear
is pure aspirin not just part aspirin
Bayer works wonders now I'd like you to
meet a very talented young man a
refreshingly different medium
dad
kept for the simulation
that's that's the best kept secret in
history sharpener legitimately I didn't
know Joey I didn't know you're coming
over I wasn't coming over I was just
walking by saw your name out front
I better stop in and see what's going on
you always come dressed up like this I'd
rather do this than be dressed like a
page
there are two kind of guys that were a
suit like that you know bullfighter I
just came by to remind you Sam that
October the fourth will be the eve of
Russia shanna the new year is it me and
I won't be going to temple with you this
year wow sounds will embarrass the last
time he unites well we were sitting in
temple in the rabbi got all through it
the sermon Sam you stirred up in Holland
one more time exactly that's clear just
tell you a few little corners like that
do you remember though the first time
when you were going to Temple mmm I must
tell you a true story have we ever got
the time Tom listen this is a ball okay
I was responsible for Sammy's conversion
he wanted me to turn colonizer
now it's the first time he's going a
temple and he calls me up and he says uh
Joe uh I don't want to go to temple by
myself I'd like to have you go with me I
said what time you tend to go Sammy's I
like to get there about sundown I said
Sam I can't make it at sundown but i'll
meet you there about a half an hour
later and he says to me okay i'll be
sitting in a third row like if he don't
tell me where he's sitting in synagogue
i wanna find it
so I said for heaven's sake where are
white skullcap sauce paci
listen I have to go back with I'm about
to do mine I tried to show girls are ya
830 to be exactly and I also know that
you had no dancing for me but what I do
want to say was I have a cute little
story I'd love to tell it and I'll take
my exit ok how about a very talented
young comedian coming on right what I i
am also very fond of it's a story of a
couple there in a room and have you any
seats down front I said I don't have to
tell you this I don't want to Baris you
yeah about your pants I've got ties
wider than that
okay how big a hit you are don't take a
bow the story of a couple in a room and
there's a knock on the door and the guy
says who's dad she says there could be
my boyfriend he says where's your back
door she says we don't have one he says
where would you like one
now you can clean your rug this
afternoon and entertain guests tonight
glory does it glory the new spray foam
rug cleaner from Johnson wax just push
the button and you'll get instant phone
it's deep cleaning foam sponge it in and
your rugs cleaner already let dry then
vacuum glory dries in only two to four
hours and just one can cleans a big 10 x
14 rug for less than two dollars try new
glory so easy you can clean your rug
this afternoon entertain guests tonight
glory new from Johnson wax